Documentation of Wipeout Animated Asset

This Wipeout asset is a collection of multiple static and animated user friendly obstacles and traps to build casual and 
hyper casual game settings. All the low poly models are designed seperately so you can make custom textures as well. The prefabs are ready 
to implement and could be customize in an easy go according to the desired game.

we have created Different types of Models and all models are very low poly with high quality. We have created obstacles with animations that we can
use them in hyper casual and in the running games.
Models are made with 5 materials. We can change the material color according to the need in the environmentk, you simply create the
new material and applied on the models. The wipeout animated asset pack consists of different objects created individually, so you can use them to 
create an intuitive and eye-catching user interface for your 3D game or animated video. The vectors can be edited and placed at any scene in the game/video to give it a more defined look.

We have different folders:
1) Material:
	Models are made with just 5 materials.
2) Models: 
	You will see all the models in the model folder.
3) Prefabs: 
	2 Folders you will see: All the prefabs will be included in the enviroment according to your asset. Animated prefabs is also included in this project.
4) Scene: 
	In scene you will see 6 levels of wipeout asset with animated prefab.

7) Obstacles:
	you will get obstacles models and material in this folder.
8) Animations:
	All the animations are placed in this folder.
8)Documentation: 
	Read Me File.

Note:
we have used the free third person starter asset from Unity asset store. 
Url of free Third person character Asset with control (Starter Assets - Third Person Character Controller): https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/essentials/starter-assets-third-person-character-controller-196526#description 

All the prefabs are created, you can use each prefabs according to your environment needs. you just need to drag and drop each prefab whereever you want. you can create a big environment for you running games and 3d animated Environment. Each objects are scable, you can transform and rotate each object.



 